Vionity Open Restricted License v1.0
Copyright (C) Vionity Ltd, 2021. Some rights reserved.


THIS LICENSE IS PROPERTY OF VIONITY LTD. VIONITY LTD GRANTS
YOU, AND ANY OTHER PERSON OR PARTY, A NON-EXCLUSIVE, NON
SUBLICENSABLE, NON-TRANSFERABLE, ROYALTY-FREE LICENSE TO USE
THIS LICENSE IN THEIR PROJECTS AND WORK UNDER THE FOLLOWING
CONDITIONS:

 - YOU MUST DISCLOSE THE SOURCE OF THIS LICENSE. YOU MAY DO
   SO BY INCLUDING THE TEXT "LICENSE PROVIDED BY VIONITY.CO"
   IN YOUR PROJECT'S CREDITS, OR BY USING THE ENTIRETY OF
   THIS LICENSE, WHICH INCLUDES DETAILS ON THIS LICENSE'S
   SOURCE;

 - YOU MAY NOT MODIFY THE WORDING OF THIS LICENSE IN ANY
   WAY WITHOUT THE PRIOR CONSENT OF VIONITY LTD. IF CONSENT
   IS GRANTED, IT MAY BE REVOKED AT ANY TIME; AND

 - YOU MAY NOT CLAIM AFFILIATION WITH VIONITY LTD.

You may receive a copy of this license free-of-charge online
at https://vionity.co/license/open-restricted-v1-0. If you
have paid for this License, you should ask for your money
back.


--- INTRODUCTION ---

This Vioniy Open Restricted License v1.0 (the "License") is
designed to allow you to use the software or work this
license applies to (the "Work") in an open manor. The author
of the Work (the "Licensor") believes that software should be
open and agrees that your usage of the Work shouldn't be
unfairly restricted.

This License protects the Work and governs your use of the
Work, whilst attempting to keep your freedom intact. The
wording of this License is provided to the Licensor by
Vionity Ltd, but does not constitute an attorney-client
relationship or legal advice.

The term "Source Code" refers to any preferred form of the
Work for making modifications to it, and any and all
available documentation describing how to modify the Work, as
optionally published by the Licensor.

Text surrounded by asterisks ("*") are to be considered
additional information, and do not constitute a part of the
License.

You may decide to use the Vionity Open Restricted License, or
any other Vionity Open license on your own works and projects
free-of-charge at https://vionity.co/license.

Vionity Ltd is not a party in the licensing agreement this
License creates between you and the Licensor.


--- LICENSING ---

*************************************************************
* The author of this program or software believes in open   *
* source technology, and would like to ensure your rights   *
* to use this software are protected.                       *
*************************************************************

The Licensor hereby grants you a worldwide, non-exclusive,
royalty-free, sublicensable license, for the duration of the
Work's copyright protection to:

 a) use, copy, adapt, share, distribute, modify, translate,
    transmit, reproduce, broadcast and publicly display the
    Work, including for commercial reasons;

under the conditions of:

 a) when transmitting, sharing, distributing, or otherwise
    making the Work available, you must disclose the source
    of which you received the Work (such as providing the
    name of the Licensor, or the public code repository web
    link at which the original Work can be found);

 b) that you must disclose any modifications that you make
    to the Work when transmitting, sharing, distributing, or
    otherwise making the Work available, including in larger
    or combined works, in a reasonable manor (such as in the
    attribution notice explained in the ATTRIBUTION section);

 c) transmitting, transferring, distributing or making the
    Work, or any part of the Work, available over a computer
    network is classed as distribution of the Work;

 d) bundling or including this Work as a bundled library is
    classed as distribution of the Work;

 e) when incorporating the Work into a larger work, or
    creating another work using the Work's source or binary
    code, you must license the subsequent work(s) under the
    Vionity Open Restricted License (version 1.0, or a later
    version at your discretion), and make it publicly
    available without a cost or charge of any kind; and

 f) that you may not claim that you are endorsed or partnered
    with the Licensor.

This License does not restrict use of the Work that is
protected under 'fair use' laws or regulations.


--- ATTRIBUTION ---

*************************************************************
* Writing software takes time, so the author of this        *
* software would like to be credited for the time and       *
* effort they have put into the creation of this software.  *
*************************************************************

You must retain any and all copyright, trademark or License
notices in the Work, including in its Source Code. Any
subsequent works, including larger works, that you include
any Source Code of the Work in must include a notice that
discloses the source of the Work.

A notice disclosing the source of the Work must include at
least one of the following:

 a) the name of the Licensor (a 'screen name' or 'username'
    may also be used); or

 b) a publicly accessible link to the original Work, as made
    available by the Licensor.


--- PATENTS ---

The Licensor explicitly grants you a worldwide, non-
exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable license to, under any
patent claims held by the Licensor that are embodied in the
Work, for the remaining duration of the patents, to use,
make, or otherwise make available, the Work.


--- WARRANTIES ---

THE WORK IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. THIS
INCLUDES THE WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
MERCHANTABILITY, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. USE OF THE WORK IS AT
YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, THE
LICENSOR SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR
ANY WARRANTY CLAIMS RELATED TO THE WORK.


--- LIABILITY ---

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, THE LICENSOR SHALL NOT
BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR: (A) ANY LOSS OF PROFIT; (B) ANY LOSS OF
REVENUE, ANTICIPATED SAVINGS OR GOODWILL; OR (C) ANY INDIRECT
OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSS. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL
OPERATE TO EXLCUDE OR LIMIT THE LIABILITY OF THE LICENSOR FOR
DEATH OR INJURY CAUSED BY ITS NEGLIGENCE OR FRAUD.


--- GOVERNING LAW ---

This License is governed by the laws of the Licensor's main
place of residence or business, irrespective of any issues
or conflicts. Any action or suit related to this License may
be brought only in the courts of the aforementioned
jurisdiction.


--- SEVERABILITY ---

If any part of this License is found to be invalid, void or
unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction (as set
out in the GOVERNING LAW section), the License shall be
deemed modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it
valid, legal and enforceable. If such modification is not
possible or is illegally unfair, the relevant part shall be
deemed deleted. Any modification to or deletion of such part
under this clause shall not affect the validity and
enforceability of the rest of this License.
